[narrator] Previously on The Blacklist:
Things are never going back
to the way they were.
It's Ressler. I've been shot.
We need to find Bino.
You know what Townsend
will do to me when he discovers
that I'm the one who helped you?
I'm turning them over.
That'd be a mistake.
Checkmate.
-I can't take it anymore.
-Everything I came into your life
to prevent, it's happened.
We're out of time.
[dramatic music playing]
How many are there?
Four out front, another four are
making their way back to the alley.
Too many.
Bino, we had a deal.
Open the door or we'll open it.
-They're covering all the exits.
-[Raymond] Not all the exits.
Bino's got pipelines running
all over the Seventh Ward.
My guess is those pipes end here.
He's not walking millions in cash
through the door.
There must be some hidden passageway.
Bino could've told us
if you hadn't killed him.
Perhaps we can set aside
our differences just long enough
to get us out of here.
They're coming.
I'm not setting aside our disagreements.
Hold them in abeyance. Let them simmer.
Whatever you need to let me help you.
You help me? Who's helping who?
Considering the circumstances,
how about we help each other?
This wall has gaps in it.
It's a door.
There has to be a release.
[man grunts]
[VanDyke] Everything clear?
-[man 1] Clear.
-[man 2] Clear.
-[man 3] See anything?
-[man 4] Nothing here!
Find them!
-Ready?
-Yeah.
[Latin music playing over speakers]
Ah-ah-ah. Hold on.
Elizabeth.
-[Liz] Officer.
-[officer] What's the problem, ma'am?
Don't look, but there's a man
in a hat in that store.
I think he has a gun.
[suspenseful music playing]
Baker-Six requesting backup.
Civilian reports possible armed suspect
at 363 Central.
[dispatcher] Roger, Baker-Six.
MPD, hands. Put your hands
where I can see them.
Ah, second opinion, just what I need.
What do you think? Funyuns or Fritos?
-Drop them and raise your hands.
-If it helps, the Fritos are fun-size.
-Sorry for this. Gun, now.
-[gun cocks]
[pensive music playing]
-What's the status?
-He's still out.
They just brought him down from Recovery.
Bullet destroyed part of his right lung.
There's also an infection, septicemia.
Any word on Liz?
There was an incident, a shootout
at that place in the Seventh Ward.
Was Keen there?
If she was, she's gone.
All that's left is a crime scene
-and the body of Bino Baker.
-Wait, Baker's dead?
[cell phone buzzing]
-What about Mr. Reddington?
-MIA.
Not responding. This is the office.
Notify me the moment
Agent Ressler is out of Recovery.
If either of you are people of faith,
now is the time to muster it.
Cooper.
What? When?
Tell Charlene I'm on my way.
[gun cocks]
Put that away.
You look like hell.
You would too if you'd been there
when the FBI raided us.
I was lucky to get out.
-Who's this?
-Call me Bolt.
Mr. Townsend's arranged for me
to handle your dissolve.
It's just until things settle down.
[Bolt] Phone, weapon, plastic, petty cash
to get you to Singapore.
My passport guy is our next stop.
All right, hold on. I don't want to hide.
I want to help.
I'll get the car.
Elias, I can be a resource.
The FBI saw you.
We'll have to take precautions.
Mr. Townsend's priority
is to keep you safe.
I can help keep the feds at bay,
redirect them by moving--
Godwin, he's going to protect you
whether you like it or not.
Because you are family.
The only one he's got.
So shut up, take his help,
and thank him when this thing is done.
What happened with Keen?
I heard there was a development.
There was a development,
which is why I'm gonna find her.
And when I do, I'm gonna make sure
Reddington gets to watch her die.
[car alarm chirps]
Charlene's fine.
I just needed to get
you away from the others.
So we could talk.
Although... I'm not sure where to begin.
So let's talk about the end.
Because that's where we are, the end.
This has gone too far,
cost too many lives, hurt too many people.
Is Ressler gonna be okay?
I honestly don't know.
But he's gonna make it, right?
If I thought you'd
be safe with Reddington,
I'd turn a blind eye, let him ferry
you away to a new name, a new life.
I wish I believed that existed for you,
but I don't, not anymore.
Let me help you. Not just with Townsend,
but with everything that comes after.
The courts, your safety,
your daughter's safety.
Reddington's way, the renegade way,
all that'll do is spill more blood.
Say I turn myself in...
help you take down Townsend.
How can you possibly keep me safe?
Not how, Elizabeth.
Where.
[Raymond] Harold, we have a problem.
Dembe and I were able to prevent
Elizabeth from being handed over
to Townsend.
But she's in the wind. We lost her.
-[Cooper] She's safe.
-Has she made contact?
Elizabeth surrendered.
-She surrendered?
-It was her choice, not mine.
She can't keep running
and she can't beat Townsend alone.
She's not alone. She's never been alone.
I understand the risk.
She'll be under 24-hour guard.
Let's say you can keep her safe, Harold.
Once Townsend's gone,
you think Panabaker will have
Elizabeth's best interests at heart?
Decision's been made,
I'm sorry it's one you disagree with.
[pensive music playing]
-Was Williams compromised in the raid?
-I don't know who that is.
Mary Williams, our forger.
She's been papering our clients
and their passports for six years.
All I know is I got the call.
That's quite a coincidence,
my needing papers and Mary
not being available to make them.
Are we doing this?
[Chuck] Search him.
There are no coincidences.
Godwin Page.
"Godwin" is a rather cocky name.
A godlike Anglo-Saxon
who gets cockier and cockier.
-You're on his payroll?
-He is.
And Neville didn't know because you
weren't around to do his due diligence,
which gave me an advantage and I took it.
-What do you want?
-You, Neville's little go-to guy.
You're one of his closest confidantes.
I've nibbled at the edges to no avail.
Laghari was a bust. Bolt was a one-off.
What I want is to kill Townsend.
You're what I need to do it.
-I won't help you.
-Not willingly, no.
[woman] Reddington!
Ah. Edna, what a happy sight.
[Edna] For you, maybe.
-Bubby, please.
-What "please"?
The Lasher's shiva cake has to wait,
but I can't make my point?
Can and do, Edna.
-How's the rheumatism?
-[Edna] It's great.
It's like losing your virginity
to a race horse.
What kind of stupid question is that?
Chip-chop. I'm in the La-Z-Boy a month
if I don't get her home
in time for Judge Judy.
[Raymond] You brought your gadgets?
No. I came out here because I like
getting hay fever from Abba's llamas.
Well, you can start with
the whereabouts of his employer.
Hmm.
It took me a while, but I finally
realized this whole time
I've been telling myself...
none of this is you.
Like, you changed into...
somebody I didn't recognize.
Someone... dark.
But I realize now this is you.
It's the other Liz, the one I knew.
My friend.
Maybe she was the illusion all along.
People aren't good or bad, Aram.
Whatever I've done...
it's all me.
Ms. Panabaker is here.
She's upstairs talking to Mr. Cooper.
I'm not ashamed of what I've done...
or who I've become.
I think anyone who's gone through
what I went through
would've done the same... or worse.
Agent Ressler's conscious.
The infection's spreading,
but at least he's awake.
I thought you'd like to know.
[Liz] I get a phone call.
One call. I'm entitled to that.
"Entitled"?
-I think we're past that.
-Fair enough.
Then for the other Liz.
For your friend.
Please?
You want us to cut a deal with Keen?
Come on. You knew this was coming.
I didn't. Now that you're asking,
the answer's no.
Your indignation is duly noted.
-For the record, I'd like to remind--
-I get it.
You care for Keen.
You don't wanna see her sent to prison,
even though you know that is
what she deserves.
You know her record, what she was,
who she was before Reddington.
You know what's happened to her.
Knowing that, can you tell me
what she deserves
is to spend her life in a supermax?
That's exactly what she deserves.
The attorney general
is waiting on an update.
There wouldn't have been
a task force without Keen.
She's as responsible as Reddington
for all the people we've caught.
Harold, you can't win.
Sorry. I know it breaks your heart.
But Keen will be prosecuted.
-You only get one call.
-Where did these agents come from?
Oh, Ms. Panabaker had them sent.
She says it's to keep you safe.
She's worried one of us
might help you escape.
Did you vet them at least?
Why? You think Townsend's
got people inside the FBI?
-You should be calling a lawyer.
-A lawyer can't help me now.
[cell phone dialing]
[Ressler] Hey, are you there?
I heard you're feeling better.
-[mouths] Thank you.
-I was, until I heard what you did.
I thought you wanted me to turn myself in.
I did and I don't.
What did Panabaker say?
I don't know, which can't be a good thing.
-This isn't where I thought we'd end up.
-This isn't the end, not for you.
That's not what I meant.
I know.
This is how it has to be.
[helicopter whirring]
-What's that?
-I don't know.
That sounds like...
[dramatic music playing]
Oh, no.
I'm sorry, say that again.
Chopper? You're sure?
Get Incident Response
to the holding bay and alert the guards.
It's Townsend.
-[Ressler] What is that? What's going on?
-I don't know.
Yes, Code Black. Rapid deploy HRT
and notify all non-tactical
support personnel to shelter in place.
Aram, get out of here!
Go! Now!
[Ressler] Keen.
Keen, are you there?
Sector command, talk to me.
What's going on?
-[man] Can't see into the room, sir.
-Take cover! Go!
[clanking]
Hang on!
[gasping]
[pensive music playing]
The masks make
facial recognition impossible,
and there was no tail number
on the chopper that yanked out Keen,
which was kind of badass.
I mean, terrible.
Anyway, no tail number,
no registered owner.
-We don't need one. We know who owns it.
-Neville Townsend.
I don't wanna think about what that means.
It means we have to get her back.
The people we interviewed
from the raid on Townsend's
accounting firm, reinterview them.
Uh, they've been in custody.
I doubt they have any leads on where
Townsend took Liz.
They may be able
to tell us who helped him.
Extracting Keen from the Post Office
required planning, skill and precision.
I want a name.
Tell me again, you and Edna,
how you two met.
Veterinary school.
We were paired to do
a necropsy on a tortoise.
I was hooked the minute I saw her
drain the entrails.
The way she handles a knife,
she could've been a chef at Benihana.
I appreciate
you bringing her in on this, Teddy.
Oh, you know me.
I cup the balls, give them a tickle,
maybe a squeeze.
You need them cut off, Ema's your Abba.
[Edna] It's done.
The chip is in his neck.
[Liz] Are you insane?
-Elizabeth, you know Brimley.
-It's a pleasure.
But I don't believe you know
his lovely wife Edna.
You sent a commando team to blow
the roof off the Post Office?
I like the gumption,
but cork it until I'm done. Okay?
The chip is in his neck.
The tracking device is set.
As soon as he wakes up
and shakes off the hangover,
he goes to Townsend, Townsend goes to him,
voilà, you got a front-row seat.
Edna, you're a lifesaver.
I know. It's reflected in my fee.
All this time, she can't walk,
I can't breathe,
but I still cherish every day.
Come, Teddy. Let's go. Come on.
-Some days more than others.
-[Raymond chuckling]
[Teddy] Come on, dear. Let's go.
[Edna] Now.
I broke you out to keep you from spending
the rest of your days in a supermax.
I'd rather be there than here.
I have something to show you.
But an opportunity to neutralize
Townsend has presented itself...
and I think it prudent
to deal with that first.
In the meantime, I hope you'll think
of yourself as less of a prisoner
and more of a guest.
-She's gone?
-[Cooper] Extracted through the roof.
-I can show you if you'd like.
-I'd like an explanation.
We believe it was Townsend.
And I believe my ex might someday
remove his face from the ample bosom
of the 32-year-old he left me for.
But that seems about as likely
as Neville Townsend blowing the roof off
an FBI black site and extracting
an 8000-pound steel box
containing a wanted fugitive.
Townsend's the only one with the means,
the matériel, the motive.
-Other than you and Reddington?
-You think I blew a hole in my own roof?
What am I supposed to think?
You come asking me
to go easy on Keen, I say no,
and wonder of wonders, a helicopter
magically appears to fly her away.
Keen's a fugitive
and someone I care about.
If I'm right and Townsend did take her,
-every second we waste might be her last.
-I don't think he orchestrated it.
This has got Reddington's
paw prints all over it.
I find it hard to believe
he'd do it without talking to you first.
-Is there anything else?
-I wanna hear from Reddington.
He had nothing to do with this.
He's our CI. I don't think there's
any problem with asking him to come in
so he can at least pay me
the courtesy of lying to my face.
You have until this time tomorrow.
[horse whinnies]
-[Godwin groaning]
-Hey.
Hey, anybody there?
Can you hear me?
Elizabeth?
-Is that you?
-Yes.
It's me, Godwin.
Godwin Page.
[Liz] Godwin.
Good. Very good.
[Godwin] I don't see what's good about it.
For either of us.
Townsend trusts you.
He wants to kill me.
I heard.
VanDyke says you're special to Reddington,
that you represent a weakness in him.
[Liz] Did he tell you why?
[Godwin] No, tell me.
[Liz] I would if I could,
but I don't know.
What I do know is
I know how to get out of here.
And I can help you get out too.
If you agree to talk to Townsend,
broker a deal.
[Godwin] What kind of a deal?
[Liz] Reddington's responsible
for the death of his family.
If Townsend agrees to leave me
and my daughter alone,
leave the FBI out of it,
I can make sure he gets
the revenge he wants.
[Godwin] You'll give him Reddington.
On a silver platter.
Either help me give Townsend
Reddington's head,
or Reddington comes for yours.
What's it gonna be?
Tell me how we're going to escape.
[ringing]
Hey, hey, I'm here.
Tell me what's going on. Is he better?
He's anything but better.
Doctors think he may have sepsis.
Had to intubate him.
They got him full of antibiotics.
Okay, uh, but what does that mean?
Aram, I don't know.
They need time. They're trying to increase
his blood pressure. That's all I know.
What about you? Are you still on lockdown?
Uh, no, but... Liz was taken.
-What are you talking about?
-Townsend extracted her.
From the orange box?
In it, actually.
I do have some good news.
I think I figured out the name of the guy
who pulled it off.
Godwin Page.
Everyone we arrested says Page
is Townsend's number two,
a logistical genius.
If we can get to Page,
he may be able to help us find Liz.
-Where is he?
-That's the bad news. He's in the wind.
We've got some taps on some of
his associates, but so far, nothing.
You think she's okay? Agent Keen?
I'm a firm believer that
perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
But I have to admit,
I have a really bad feeling.
Here, I want you to take this.
A paring knife? That's what I'm
supposed to use to escape?
I don't want you to use it on them.
I want you to use it on you.
Say that again?
I heard them talking.
They implanted a chip in your neck.
Reach back, see if you can
feel the incision.
I feel something.
If it's anything like the ones
Reddington's used,
it's implanted about a quarter inch
under the skin. Cut it out.
I have to what? I can't do that.
-Use the tip.
-You're mad.
Reopen the wound.
Don't think about it, Godwin.
Just make the cut.
Once you've opened the incision,
you need to reach down
and try to feel the chip.
[grunting]
You got it. You got it.
I can't feel it.
You don't have to feel it.
Get under the incision, pinch and lift.
Okay. Okay. I have it.
[Liz] Okay, good. Good.
Give it to me.
[sighs] This is good.
-[Godwin] It doesn't feel good.
-No, this is a BetaStar chip.
-It's using a simplex protocol.
-I don't know what that means.
That number, that's its ID.
It's vulnerable to interference.
If you give it to Townsend,
his people should be able
to intercept it, which means--
It would lead them to Reddington.
Assume Townsend accepts your deal,
what then? How will he know?
There's a hotel off I-95, the Golden Leaf.
Book a suite
under the name Margaret French.
When I call, if that room is booked,
I'll turn back on the tracking.
Here. This is the number. Memorize it.
[beeps]
-What's going on?
-[man] All quiet here.
I just got a notification
that we lost the signal on Page's chip.
-Some kind of malfunction?
-Possibly.
Or he found a way to disable it.
Check it out. I'll be right there.
[dramatic music playing]
[grunting]
Morgan.
-[Morgan] Page is gone.
-What happened?
Somehow he disabled the chip.
-How?
-I don't know.
What'd you do?
Nothing. Why? Did something happen?
I don't understand.
Why would you help him?
I didn't.
[Cooper] Are you out of your mind?
[Raymond] Catch your breath. Lie down
if you need. This is good news.
-You attacked a federal facility.
-I did.
-Abducted a fugitive.
-Yes.
Put the lives of
federal agents in jeopardy.
No one was really in jeopardy.
And I thought you'd be happy to hear
she wasn't snatched by Townsend.
I defended you to Panabaker,
that you had nothing to do with this.
If it'll make her feel any better,
tell Cynthia to put the roof on my tab.
Or I have a guy.
You really don't see it, do you?
You're incapable of it.
-She wants to do the right thing.
-No.
What Elizabeth wants is answers.
Answers about who she is
and why I came into her life.
Answers that I've specifically withheld
to keep her safe.
-Hell of a job you've done.
-I agree. I can't keep her safe.
Not anymore. The only way to do
that is to give her the truth.
-You're gonna tell her you're N-13?
-I'm gonna tell her everything.
Why are you telling me this?
We thought Townsend took Liz.
You wouldn't loop me in
unless you needed something.
What do you know about Godwin Page?
He's Townsend's number two.
We were under the impression that
he was responsible for Keen's extraction.
-Been looking for him without success.
-And because he was in my custody.
-You have Page?
-Had.
He escaped. That's what I want from you,
your help to find Godwin Page.
Based on where he was
as of about ten minutes ago,
you should drop your net, or bait
your hook, or whatever it is you do,
in and around Loudoun County.
[cell phone rings]
It's me. Godwin.
-What is going on?
-Reddington. He got to me.
Had his people interrogate me
trying to find you.
-Where are you now?
-I got out.
I killed one of his men.
At least, I think he's dead.
You escaped? [chuckles]
I was suspicious before.
But now I'm certain you're lying.
-Reddington doesn't make those mistakes.
-It was Keen.
She helped me escape.
-Why would she do that?
-She wants to make a deal.
She's willing to deliver Reddington
if you agree to let it end there.
Deliver him how?
She has a microchip tracking device.
She's with Reddington now. If you agree,
she'll turn it on so you can find them.
-But Keen--
-Does she matter?
It's Reddington you want.
Reddington's death
won't balance the scales.
I want him to watch her die.
Neville, make the deal.
-Are you ordering me--?
-I'm advising you.
As a colleague and trusted friend,
you need to end this.
Killing Reddington is enough.
It's what you want.
-Why would I trust Keen?
-You have nothing to lose, Neville.
This is our window. Make the deal.
What exactly does Keen have in mind?
[pensive music playing]
-Reddington took Keen?
-[Aram] That's what Cooper says.
What does he want?
That would require a lot of therapy
on Mr. Reddington's part.
If I had to guess, it has something to do
with him not trusting the Bureau.
But good news, though, uh,
he got us a lead on Godwin Page.
-How can he lead us to Keen?
-He can't.
But he might lead us to Townsend.
Loudoun County Sheriff's Department
just picked him up
and he is being brought in.
What's going on?
-What? Is it Ressler?
-What's going on?
-His pressure dropped. He went into V-fib.
-Continue compressions and push epi.
I'll call you back.
-Wait outside.
-Is he okay?
I'll find you when we know.
-We have to go.
-Where?
Somewhere your friend Page
won't be able to find us.
He's not my friend.
Before we go,
I'd like to make arrangements for Agnes.
When I woke up this morning,
I didn't anticipate being held hostage.
[man] Golden Leaf Hotel.
How may I direct your call?
-Margaret French, please?
-Of course.
Putting you through to her right now.
[ringing]
-Smart girl.
-Mrs. French, hi. Um...
I am trapped at work and can't get away.
-Reddington's with you.
-Could you stay with Agnes?
Clueless that his beloved Elizabeth
just bought her own freedom
by sentencing him to death.
Hope to see you soon.
We're prepared to intercept
the signal when you turn it on.
Thanks. You're a lifesaver.
It's a wonder how you're a good mother
when yours was so bad.
-I don't know where he is.
-Mr. Page.
If you refuse to help us,
the U.S. government
will come at you with both barrels.
Even if I did know, I wouldn't help you.
-I won't betray him.
-Just to be clear,
the U.S. government
has very big barrels, like...
winery size, huge.
But I may have something better.
Better? What does that mean?
[pensive music playing]
I've kept things from you
for your own good.
[groans] This old song.
Now your own good requires me
to tell you everything.
-I hear you want immunity.
-He has info about Elizabeth.
I can tell you where she is
and what she's doing.
But first, I need to know I'm protected.
[cell phone buzzing]
-It's Harold.
-Harold will have to wait.
Reddington, call me
as soon as you get this message.
We brought in Page.
Keen helped him
pull the chip you put in his neck.
They made a deal. If she helped Page,
he would go to Townsend,
get him to agree to stop hunting her
and she activates the chip. It's a trap.
She's leading Townsend to you.
It's about time.
[Liz] Yes, it is.
[beeps]
The chip's live. We've got a signal.
Very smart girl.
Start making calls,
to Dembe, Gerard, anyone.
Somebody reach Reddington,
tell him his life's in danger.
Make a left at the light.
Are you sure about this?
This means giving up on Reddington
watching Keen die.
That was my dream.
This is my reality.
Edward is standing by.
Edward?
Are we flying somewhere?
Hold on. They've stopped,
about a half a mile to our west.
I'll call in a team.
Upstairs, now. We need to talk.
Two units inbound,
less than ten minutes away.
-Sir, you hear me?
-Stop.
-Sir?
-Stop! They're coming toward us, fast.
Like, impossibly fast.
[sighs]
Sparkling water?
That's what you take with the truth?
I must say, I highly recommend
a martini, three olives.
[pensive music playing]
[Cooper] We have
one of Townsend's associates.
He claims Keen has some tracking chip,
that she's leading Townsend to Reddington.
Not only is Miss Keen
a criminal and a fugitive,
now she's gonna murder our CI?
We're trying to contact him.
This makes me feel better
about the DOJ's directive.
Directive. What directive?
The one I came here to tell you about.
They just issued a burn notice on Keen.
They want her scrubbed.
"Scrubbed"? What does that mean?
"Killed" scrubbed?
It means eliminated.
Knowing too much is one thing,
but she now demonstrates
an obvious liability to the Bureau.
-We can bring her in.
-No, you can't.
Soon as Keen's handled, the DOJ will
disavow all knowledge of the task force,
kick Reddington free--
They can't do that.
You never existed.
Cynthia... we can bring her in.
Someone's gonna bring our girl in,
and when they do, it's gonna be
curtain call on this program.
-Good morning.
-Where are we?
It's been what, eight, nine hours?
Where are you taking me?
A friend once told me
that the true measure of a man
isn't what he reveals to the world
but what he hides from it.
Perhaps.
Keeping secrets is brutal business.
Twenty minutes to Riga.
We're going to Latvia?
For what?
For answers.
How?
The night of the fire.
There are no words to describe...
how it felt to...
see you in such pain.
That... scar is a permanent reminder of...
how the choices we made
have affected your life forever.
The choices who made?
Its shape was so...
clear in my memory,
as if I'd seen it before.
And then, one day, there it was on a map.
Not a perfect match, but eerily close.
It became...
the symbol of...
the most important aspect
of my business and image,
representing the danger you faced
and the promise to protect you from it.
And this is where it all began...
along the banks of the sea it resembles.
What's in Latvia?
What is this place?
The Baltic's best seafood distributor.
Why do I feel like
that's not at all what this is?
Because that's not at all what this is.
-It's a front.
-A front for what?
Mr. Reddington, hello, my friend.
I hope you had an easy flight.
Yes, thank you, Juris. We did.
It's good to see you.
Good to see you, sir.
And Miss Keen, it's an honor.
[pensive music playing]
You said it hurt...
to see me in so much pain
the night of the fire.
Why were you there?
-The Fulcrum.
-My mother went to find it,
to confront my father,
but she wasn't alone.
There were others.
Is that why you were there?
Did you work with my mother?
Elizabeth, I knew your mother
better than she knew herself.
What is this?
The epicenter.
I brought you here
because this is where it all started.
Where what started?
You want answers.
Let's start with one you already know.
The identity of N-13.
-I was right.
-About some of it.
The story you've heard is that N-13 stole
13 packets of intelligence from the KGB
around the time the Soviet Union fell.
You were N-13.
You are N-13.
Yes.
But I didn't steal anything.
The Sikorsky Archive was a gift.
Gift?
A blackmail file with compromising intel
on the world's most powerful people
and corporations?
And governments.
Who would do that?
One of your mother's
closest friends and colleagues.
You're lying.
You framed my mother,
made the world believe
she stole the archive.
You need to forget
what you think you know.
You set her up.
Elizabeth, listen to me.
Katarina Rostova
was never framed or killed.
The Sikorsky Archive was a seed,
the beginning of what would become
one of the most sophisticated
intelligence networks in existence.
A network meticulously crafted
with her knowledge and blessing,
to serve one guiding purpose:
To give me the power
to keep you safe and your mother hidden.
This place is part of the machine
that that vision manifested.
A machine that is and has been
my life's work for the past three decades.
So...
what is this?
This is the Blacklist.
[dramatic music playing]